Update deployer documentation (#390)
api3dao/airnode: packages/deployer/README.md

# @api3/deployer

> Airnode deployment CLI

**The recommended way to deploy Airnode is by using the [Deployer Docker](../../docker/README.md) image. This package simply implements the CLI used by that image and is not meant to be used directly by the end user.**

## Prerequisites
* Install [Terraform v0.15.x](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) and make sure that the `terraform` binary is available in your `PATH`
* Make sure your AWS credentials are stored in the [configuration file](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-where) or exported as [environment variables](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html#envvars-set)

## Setup
* Build all the Airnode packages
```bash
# Run from the root
yarn build
```
* Make sure `config.json` and `secrets.env` are available in the `config` directory
```bash
# From this package (/packages/deployer)
cp config/config.json.example config/config.json
cp config/secrets.env.example config/secrets.env
# Edit both `config.json` and `secrets.env` to reflect your configuration
```

## Common user flow

> 1. Use the `deploy` command for your first deployment. Write down the displayed mnemonic. Keep the outputted receipt file. Fund the master wallet address with the displayed amount to set your Airnode parameters.

Reviewer: I think we might want to emphasis the writing down of the mnemonic and safe storage of the receipt file. They are pretty easy to miss here

2. In order to update the Airnode configuration:
    * Update the `config.json` file

>     * Write the mnemonic into the `secrets.env` file as `MASTER_KEY_MNEMONIC` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Ensure the `MASTER_KEY_MNEMONIC` value in `secrets.env` has your previously generated mnemonic phrase
```

    * Run the `deploy` command again

> 3. Use the `remove` command to remove the Airnode deployment. Use the `-r` option to provide the receipt file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the `remove` command to remove the Airnode deployment. The `-r` flag is required and needs to reference the receipt file from the latest deployment
```

Author: The `-r` flag is not actually required. You can use `--airnodeIdShort`, `--stage`, `--cloudProvider` and `--region` instead to remove the deployment.

## Commands
### deploy
```bash

> Executes Airnode deployments specified in the config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploys an Airnode instance using the `config.json` and `secrets.env` files. This can be used for a new deployment or to update an existing deployment.
```

Options:
      --version                          Show version number                                                   [boolean]
      --debug                            Run in debug mode                                    [boolean] [default: false]
      --help                             Show help                                                             [boolean]
  -c, --configuration, --config, --conf  Path to configuration file             [string] [default: "config/config.json"]
  -s, --secrets                          Path to secrets file                   [string] [default: "config/secrets.env"]
  -r, --receipt                          Output path for receipt file          [string] [default: "output/receipt.json"]
      --interactive                      Run in interactive mode                               [boolean] [default: true]
```

### remove
```bash

> Removes Airnode deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes a deployed Airnode instance using the `receipt.json` file
```

# @api3/deployer

> Airnode deployment CLI

**The recommended way to deploy Airnode is by using the [Deployer Docker](../../docker/README.md) image. This package simply implements the CLI used by that image and is not meant to be used directly by the end user.**

## Prerequisites
* Install [Terraform v0.15.x](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) and make sure that the `terraform` binary is available in your `PATH`
* Make sure your AWS credentials are stored in the [configuration file](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-files.html#cli-configure-files-where) or exported as [environment variables](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html#envvars-set)

## Setup
* Build all the Airnode packages
```bash
# Run from the root
yarn build
```
* Make sure `config.json` and `secrets.env` are available in the `config` directory
```bash

> # From this package (/packages/deployer)

Reviewer: I would add something like: "You can use the provided example `config.json` and `security.env` templates to get started quickly, but you will need to edit these with your own API details and secrets." just to make it clear that they don't **need** to copy the example files.
